Warning before all
==========

I know that there are some students might have the same assignment.
But please don't copy the code, since your teacher will find my code as well.


Search-Engine
=============

Final Projects for Software development course

This project uses an inverted index, multithreading, servlets, sockets, cookies, Jetty, HTTP, HTML, JDBC, and SQL.


This project creates a Java application that crawls a specified seed web page, builds an inverted index, and starts a search engine for a website that provides weighed partial search capability, authenticates users, and maintains a history of each user's prior searches. 

The functionalities that the project contains
==============================================
Search: The web application displays a webpage with a text box where users may enter a search query, and a button that submits the query to the search engine. The search engine performs a partial search from an inverted index generated by the web crawler, and return an HTML page with sorted links to the search results.

Multi-User Support: The web application allows support the following user functionality:
- User Registration: The web application allows users to register an account with the search engine. The application stores the username and password of that user in a mySQL database.
- User Login/Logout: The web application allows a user to login using a username and password. Once a user has logged into the web application, the application tracks the user's session using cookies.

Search History: Once a user has logged on to the search engine, the web application stores a history of all search queries entered by that user in a mySQL database. The application allows a user to view his/her search history.

Account Maintenance: The web application supports the following account maintenance functionality per user:
- Change Password: The web application allows a user to change his/her password.
- Clear History: The web application allows a user to clear his/her search history.

Page Snippet: In the search results returned by the search engine, the application can display a snippet of the search result page. A snippet usually consists of 2-3 lines from the web page. For performance reasons, these snippets are stored in a mySQL database when the page is crawled.

Visited Pages: In addition to tracking a user's search history, the application also stores which result pages have been visited by that user. This requires the web application to provide result links that direct back to the application, so that you may first store that the link was visited and then redirect the user to that link.

Administrator Interface: In additional to account maintenance, provide an administrator interface. In this interface implements both of the following:
- New Crawl: Allow the administrator to enter a new seed URL to crawl. The results are added to the inverted index (not replace the already existing results).
- Server Shutdown: Allow the administrator to gracefully shutdown the web server.

Suggested Queries: Provide five suggested queries based on the latest queries made by other users.

Favorite Searches: Allow users to save favorite searches or favorite links.

Results Per Page: Allow the user to select the number of results that should be displayed on each page. As a result, some search results may span multiple pages.

Logged In Users: Display a footer on each page that shows which users are currently logged in to the search engine.

Search Brand: Design a search engine with a distinct brand. This includes creating a logo, and creating a distinct and consistent style for the web pages.

Time Stamps: Add timestamps to the user's search history, and store when the user last logged in successfully.

Private Search: Allow users to set an option that turns off the search history feature.

Search Statistics: Display the total number of results along with the time it took to calculate and fetch those results.







